# 201.Reading.notes

Within this repo are the reading assignments we have been assigned in our Ops 201 course at CodeFellows. In each Wiki entry it summarizes key information from each days assigned reading. These skills are nescessary building blocks to learn the foundational skills for Cyber Security Practicioners. While not all encompassing, it is definitely a great place to start. The skills we learned are summarized best by this quote off of the Code Fellows 201 course description: "Learn to support technology operations by resolving issues with hardware, software, and virtual or cloud systems."..."Key skills such as communication, knowledge and process documentation, fundamental terminal operations, performance monitoring, system process management, issue handling, backup/imaging/recovery tools, and software application operations are developed." (https://www.codefellows.org/courses/ops-201/foundations-of-computer-operations/)

My favorite challenges within the 201 course have been the ones that include scripting. They have slowly built from single commands to loops, which will allow us to apply these skills to reduce the time it takes to accomplish redundant tasks at work. Once I have more time after this course is over, I plan on continuing to learn Powershell and Bash. I feel like gaining more skills in these areas will allow me to have a better understanding of the fundamentals, and when I have to analyze potentially harmful scripts later in my career it will enable me to better understand what the scripts are attempting to accomplish. This ability to analyze scripts and code will be a skillset I will continue to develop over time. 

